NGINX Plus Release 34 (#343)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx/deployment-guides/single-sign-on/oidc-njs/_index.md

---

> description: Learn how to use OpenID Connect (OIDC) Provider Servers and Services
>   to enable single sign-on for applications proxied by F5 NGINX Plus.
> menu:
>   docs:
>     parent: NGINX Plus
> title: Legacy njs-based Single Sign-On Solutions
> weight: 990

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to use OpenID Connect (OIDC) Provider Servers and Services
  to enable single sign-on for applications proxied by F5 NGINX Plus.
title: Legacy njs-based Single Sign-On Solutions
weight: 990
url: /nginx/deployment-guides/single-signon/oidc-njs/
```
